README.md, before:

# CLIHeadlineScraper


## Installation

You can install this gem via `gem install CLI_Headline_Scraper`.

## Usage

You can run this gem using the `headline_scraper` CLI command.  You will then be given a list of headlines and news networks from which to select (instructions for doing so will be provided onscreen).  


## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`.

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/jmstrick93/CLI_Headline_Scraper.  

Contributions adding functionality for additional news networks are encouraged.

Contributions adding a more robust RSpec suite are also welcome.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Added information about software maintenance to README.md; edited CLI display format slightly.

README.md, after:

# CLIHeadlineScraper


## Installation

You can install this gem via `gem install CLI_Headline_Scraper`.

## Usage

You can run this gem using the `headline_scraper` CLI command.  You will then be given a list of headlines and news networks from which to select (instructions for doing so will be provided onscreen).  


## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`.

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/jmstrick93/CLI_Headline_Scraper.  

Contributions adding functionality for additional news networks are encouraged.

Contributions adding a more robust RSpec suite are also welcome.

The scraper object will likely need to be occasionally maintained as the HTML formats of networks' websites changes.  If you encounter an error while using this software, please report it at the GitHub repo above.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
